Update installer.mdx (#2124)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/install/interactive/installer.mdx

#### TLS Ciphersuites

> Terraform Enterprise uses the `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5` ciphersuites by default. If necessary, a custom ciphersuite can be provided:

Reviewer: Wanted to make this more active voice. Let me know if they aren't the ones providing this!

```suggestion
Terraform Enterprise uses the `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5` ciphersuites by default. You can also provide a custom ciphersuite if necessary. 
```
